in this friendly little town there lived
an enchanting family named the cranks
every year they would celebrate
Christmas together Merry Christmas
until the year their daughter Blair left
for the holidays won't be the same then
Luther got a brilliant idea we skip
Christmas
we'll go bask in the Caribbean Sun we
skip Christmas what's up no Christmas
Eve party we run away from Christmas huh
a lot of neighbors are pretty upset
[Music]
they do not get a changed my mind I'm
coming home for Christmas what based on
the best-selling novel skipping
Christmas we have only 12 hours so we're
gonna perform a little Christmas miracle
you get the tree
Tim mallet your face it's like it's
frozen I got a Botox injection today
Christmas with the Kranks
[Music]
[Applause]
you